okay I'm gonna make a dolphin para which
is homemade channel is just milk cheese
and this is saffron some sugar cardamom
powder I'm not gonna show you the brand
this is whole milk powder this is half
enough one cup and this is about two
tablespoons unsalted butter
we have melted butter into a dough just
melting the butter now I'm having the
optional to the bottle
it's about one cup of powdered milk or
big spoon
we should be able to the China which I
made earlier after mixing
about 90% when it's about 10% sugar and
cardamom Potter but not now if you mix
sugar now it's going to get water you
can wait for about 15-20 minutes before
you add this and then we'll make it
very so whatever they're called and put
them in fridge for about like two three
hours
this is really good consistent I like
the consistency
I'm just placing the baking cups in a
plate while this is cooling down and I
think it's almost ready I can add sugar
and oh this is a taste I made earlier
with half an hour powdered milk bit of
red color and saffron saffron okay I'm
going to put that on top after her to
the ground here just for pickiness and
some flavor I'm going to put two big
full spoonful of sugar should be enough
I'm going to mix it and then taste it
it's not enough I'm going to add some
more sugar and then and also in the
meantime gonna put some just spring
I'm going to test it and see if I'm
gonna add about one tablespoon of sugar
more I think it's it's okay but I needed
it to be take this sweeter and I'll mix
it well I'm going to pick this much of
that off and run go around make round
balls between by two palms and this is
how it's going to look and now place it
in this I didn't put it in the middle
and I'm gonna do all of them yeah this
is bit too sticky right now because
that's okay because once you put it in
the fridge it has butter it's going to
become fun but whatever it is it's going
to be delicious looks also good but
as far as it's gonna be okay this is
looking good and it's gonna taste good
also I know and everyone who ate this
before my family and probably some
friends you liked it very much this is
quite delicious I'm very rich also and
this I call it special smiles special